Mirroring AWS Security Hub (#24376)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS-SecurityHub/Integrations/AWS_SecurityHub/README.md

## Configure AWS - Security Hub on Cortex XSOAR
---

1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.
2. Search for AWS - Security Hub.
3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

    | **Parameter** | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | **Required** |
    |--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| --- | --- |

>     | Role Arn |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | False |

Reviewer: Why were the descriptions removed for the following parameters?
- Role Arn
- Role Session Name
- AWS Default Region
- Role Session Duration
- Access Key
- Secret Key

    | Fetch incidents |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | False |
    | First fetch time (&lt;number&gt; &lt;time unit&gt;, e.g., 12 hours, 7 days, 3 months, 1 year) |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | False |
    | Incident type |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | False |

>     | Security Hub Incidents Severity Level | Severity level of fetched incidents. Could be Informational, Low, Medium, High and Critical. For example, if you set the severity level to Medium, only findings with severity level Medium, High or Critical will be fetched. [AWS documantation link about severity](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/1.0/APIReference/API_Severity.html)                                                                                          | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Security Hub Incidents Severity Level | Severity level of fetched incidents. Could be Informational, Low, Medium, High and Critical. For example, if you set the severity level to Medium, only findings with severity level Medium, High or Critical will be fetched. See [AWS documentation about severity](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/1.0/APIReference/API_Severity.html)                                                                                          | False |
```

>     | Additional Incidents Filters | A comma-separated list of additional incident filters in the form 'name=name1,value=value1,comparison=comparison1.                                                                                                                                                                                                       | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Additional Incidents Filters | A comma-separated list of additional incident filters in the format 'name=name1,value=value1,comparison=comparison1.                                                                                                                                                                                                       | False |
```

    | Trust any certificate (not secure) |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | False |
    | Use system proxy settings |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | False |
    | Incident Mirroring Direction | Choose the direction to mirror the incident: Incoming \(from AWS - Security Hub to Cortex XSOAR\), Outgoing \(from Cortex XSOAR to AWS - Security Hub\), or Incoming and Outgoing \(from/to Cortex XSOAR and AWS - Security Hub\).                                                                                       | False |

>     | Finding Type | You can set the type of the findings to be fetched or mirrored: "Software and Configuration Checks", "TTPs", "Effects", "Unusual Behaviors", "Sensitive Data Identifications". For example, if you set the finding type to "TTPs", the integration will only fetch or mirror findings with finding type that match TTPs. | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Finding Type | You can set the type of the findings to be fetched or mirrored: "Software and Configuration Checks", "TTPs", "Effects", "Unusual Behaviors", "Sensitive Data Identifications". For example, if you set the finding type to "TTPs", the integration will only fetch or mirror findings with the finding type that match TTPs. | False |
```

    | Workflow Status | You can set the workflow status of the findings to be fetched or mirrored: "New", "Notified", "Resolved", "Suppressed". For example, if you set the workflow status to "Suppressed", the integration will only fetch or mirror findings with workflow status of Suppressed.                                              | False |

>     | Product Name | You can write a list of product names separated by comma. In order to get the product name you need to press Integrations in the AWS - Security Hub menu. Than provide here only the product name \(the value after the colon \(:\)\).                                                                                   | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Product Name | You can enter a comma-separated list of product names. In order to get the product name, click Integrations in the AWS - Security Hub menu. Use only the product name (the value after the colon (:)) for this parameter.                                                                                  | False |
```

| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 
| raw_json | Override arguments and send a formatted JSON file. | Optional | 

> | finding_identifiers_id | The identifier of the finding that was specified by the finding. Can be retrieved using the 'aws-securityhub-get-findings' command provider. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| finding_identifiers_id | The identifier of the finding that was specified by the finding. Can be retrieved using the 'aws-securityhub-get-findings' command. | Required | 
```

| finding_identifiers_product_arn | The ARN generated by Security Hub that uniquely identifies a product that generates findings. This can be the ARN for a third-party product that is integrated with Security Hub, or the ARN for a custom integration. Can be retrieved using the 'aws-securityhub-get-findings' command. | Required | 
| note_text | The updated note text. | Optional | 
| note_updated_by | The principal that updated the note. | Optional | 

> | severity_label | The severity value of the finding. The allowed values are the following. *   INFORMATIONAL - No issue was found. *   LOW - The issue does not require action on its own. *   MEDIUM - The issue must be addressed but not urgently. *   HIGH - The issue must be addressed as a priority. *   CRITICAL - The issue must be remediated immediately to avoid it escalating. Possible values are: INFORMATIONAL, LOW, MEDIUM, HIGH, CRITICAL. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| severity_label | The severity value of the finding. The allowed values are the following. *   INFORMATIONAL - No issue was found. *   LOW - The issue does not require action on its own. *   MEDIUM - The issue must be addressed but not urgently. *   HIGH - The issue must be addressed as a priority. *   CRITICAL - The issue must be remediated immediately to avoid it escalating.  | Optional | 
```
Adding that line is redundant.  You've already listed all the allowed values.

> | verification_state | Indicates the veracity of a finding. The available values for VerificationState are as follows. *   UNKNOWN - The default disposition of a security finding. *   TRUE_POSITIVE - The security finding is confirmed. *   FALSE_POSITIVE - The security finding was determined to be a false alarm. *   BENIGN_POSITIVE - A special case of TRUE_POSITIVE where the finding doesn't pose any threat, is expected, or both. Possible values are: UNKNOWN, TRUE_POSITIVE, FALSE_POSITIVE, BENIGN_POSITIVE. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| verification_state | Indicates the veracity of a finding. The available values for VerificationState are as follows. *   UNKNOWN - The default disposition of a security finding. *   TRUE_POSITIVE - The security finding is confirmed. *   FALSE_POSITIVE - The security finding was determined to be a false alarm. *   BENIGN_POSITIVE - A special case of TRUE_POSITIVE where the finding doesn't pose any threat, is expected, or both.  | Optional | 
```
Adding that line is redundant.  You've already listed all the allowed values.

> | types | One or more finding types in the format of namespace/category/classifier that classify a finding. Valid namespace values are as follows. *  Software and Configuration Checks *  TTPs *  Effects *  Unusual Behaviors *  Sensitive Data Identifications. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| types | One or more finding types in the format of namespace/category/classifier that classify a finding. Valid namespace values are as follows. <br/>*  Software and Configuration Checks <br/>*  TTPs <br/>*  Effects <br/>*  Unusual Behaviors <br/>*  Sensitive Data Identifications. | Optional | 
```

| user_defined_fields | A list of name/value string pairs associated with the finding. These are custom, user-defined fields added to a finding. | Optional | 

> | workflow_status | The status of the investigation into the finding. The allowed values are the following. *   NEW - The initial state of a finding, before it is reviewed. *   NOTIFIED - Indicates that you notified the resource owner about the security issue. Used when the initial reviewer is not the resource owner, and needs intervention from the resource owner. *   RESOLVED - The finding was reviewed and remediated and is now considered resolved. *   SUPPRESSED - The finding will not be reviewed again and will not be acted upon. Possible values are: NEW, NOTIFIED, RESOLVED, SUPPRESSED. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| workflow_status | The status of the investigation into the finding. The allowed values are the following. <br/>*   NEW - The initial state of a finding, before it is reviewed. <br/>*   NOTIFIED - Indicates that you notified the resource owner about the security issue. Used when the initial reviewer is not the resource owner, and needs intervention from the resource owner.<br/> *   RESOLVED - The finding was reviewed and remediated and is now considered resolved. <br/>*   SUPPRESSED - The finding will not be reviewed again and will not be acted upon.  | Optional | 
```
Adding that line is redundant. You've already listed all the allowed values.

| id_comparison | The condition to be applied to a string value when querying for findings. Possible values are: EQUALS, PREFIX. | Optional | 
| generator_id_value | The string filter value. | Optional | 
| generator_id_comparison | The condition to be applied to a string value when querying for findings. Possible values are: EQUALS, PREFIX. | Optional | 
| type_value | The string filter value. | Optional | 
| type_comparison | The condition to be applied to a string value when querying for findings. Possible values are: EQUALS, PREFIX. | Optional | 
| first_observed_at_start | A start date for the date filter. | Optional | 
| first_observed_at_end | An end date for the date filter. | Optional | 
| date_range_unit | A date range unit for the date filter. | Optional | 
| last_observed_at_start | A start date for the date filter. | Optional | 
| last_observed_at_end | An end date for the date filter. | Optional | 
| created_at_start | A start date for the date filter. | Optional | 
| created_at_end | An end date for the date filter. | Optional | 
| updated_at_start | A start date for the date filter. | Optional | 
| updated_at_end | An end date for the date filter. | Optional | 

> | date_range_unit | A date range unit for the date filter. Possible values are: DAYS. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| date_range_unit | A date range unit for the date filter. Possible value is: DAYS. | Optional | 
```

| resource_aws_iam_access_key_created_at_end | An end date for the date filter. | Optional | 
| resource_container_name_value | The string filter value. | Optional | 
| resource_container_name_comparison | The condition to be applied to a string value when querying for findings. Possible values are: EQUALS, PREFIX. | Optional | 
| resource_container_image_id_value | The string filter value. | Optional | 
| resource_container_image_id_comparison | The condition to be applied to a string value when querying for findings. Possible values are: EQUALS, PREFIX. | Optional | 
| resource_container_image_name_value | The string filter value. | Optional | 
| resource_container_image_name_comparison | The condition to be applied to a string value when querying for findings. Possible values are: EQUALS, PREFIX. | Optional | 
| resource_container_launched_at_start | A start date for the date filter. | Optional | 
| resource_container_launched_at_end | An end date for the date filter. | Optional | 
| resource_details_other_key | The key of the map filter. | Optional | 
| resource_details_other_value | The value for the key in the map filter. | Optional | 

> | resource_details_other_comparison | The condition to apply to a key value when querying for findings with a map filter. Possible values are: EQUALS. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| resource_details_other_comparison | The condition to apply to a key value when querying for findings with a map filter. Possible value is: EQUALS. | Optional | 
```

| AWS-SecurityHub.Members | Unknown | Member details returned by the operation. | 
| AWS-SecurityHub.NextToken | string | The token that is required for pagination. | 

#### Command example
```!aws-securityhub-list-members```
#### Context Example
```json
{
    "AWS-SecurityHub": {
        "Members": []
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### AWS SecurityHub ListMembers
>**No entries.**

### get-remote-data
***
Get remote data from a remote incident. This method does not update the current incident, and should be used for debugging purposes only.

#### Base Command

`get-remote-data`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| id | The remote incident ID. | Required | 

> | lastUpdate | The UTC timestamp in seconds of the last update. The incident is only updated if it was modified after the last update time. Default is 0. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| lastUpdate | The UTC timestamp in seconds since the last update. The incident is only updated if it was modified after the last update time. Default is 0. | Optional | 
```

To set up the mirroring:
1. Enable *Fetching incidents* in your instance configuration.
2. In the *Mirroring Direction* integration parameter, select in which direction the incidents should be mirrored:

    | **Option** | **Description** |
    | --- | --- |
    | None | Turns off incident mirroring. |
    | Incoming | Any changes in AWS - Security Hub events (mirroring incoming fields) will be reflected in Cortex XSOAR incidents. |
    | Outgoing | Any changes in Cortex XSOAR incidents will be reflected in AWS - Security Hub events (outgoing mirrored fields). |
    | Incoming And Outgoing | Changes in Cortex XSOAR incidents and AWS - Security Hub events will be reflected in both directions. |

Newly fetched incidents will be mirrored in the chosen direction. However, this selection does not affect existing incidents.
**Important Note:** To ensure the mirroring works as expected, mappers are required, both for incoming and outgoing, to map the expected fields in Cortex XSOAR and AWS - Security Hub.

### Mirroring In Notes
The mirroring in works when the security-findings provider last updated the finding record. 

> If a user updated an incident it won't show in the XSOAR incident.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user updated an incident it won't show in the Cortex XSOAR incident.
```

### Mirroring Out Notes
The supported fields in the mirroring out process are:

> 1. AWS Security Hub Confidence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AWS Security Hub Confidence.
```

2. Risk Score

> 3. Comment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Comment
```

> 4. Severity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Severity
```

> 5. AWS Security Hub Verification State

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AWS Security Hub Verification State
```

> 6. AWS Security Hub Workflow Status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AWS Security Hub Workflow Status
```

> **Important Note:** that the mirror out updates do not affect the value of UpdatedAt for a finding. These updates can be overwritten by the security-findings provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important Note:**Mirroring out updates do not affect the value of UpdatedAt for a finding. These updates can be overwritten by the security-findings provider.
```

> * Note: Before updating the comment, make sure that you chose an owner to the incident, in the Case Details section. Otherwise, the comment update won't work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before updating a comment, make sure that you chose an owner to the incident in the Case Details section. Otherwise, the comment update won't work.
```

> * Note: AWS Security Hub Verification State, AWS Security Hub Workflow Status fields can contain only 1 state/status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* AWS Security Hub Verification State, AWS Security Hub Workflow Status fields can contain only 1 state/status.
```
